[DOCS] New Key Features in docs - master (#26308)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/about-openvino.rst

In this section you will find information on the product itself, as well as the software
and hardware solutions it supports.

OpenVINO (Open Visual Inference and Neural network Optimization) is an open-source software
toolkit designed to optimize, accelerate, and deploy deep learning models for user applications.
OpenVINO was developed by Intel to work efficiently on a wide range of Intel hardware platforms,
including CPUs (x86 and Arm), GPUs, and NPUs.

Features
##############################################################

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

One of the main purposes of the OpenVINO toolkit is to streamline integration and deployment of
deep learning models. Yet its feature set is much wider, offering various optimization and implementation options.

```

In this section you will find information on the product itself, as well as the software
and hardware solutions it supports.

OpenVINO (Open Visual Inference and Neural network Optimization) is an open-source software
toolkit designed to optimize, accelerate, and deploy deep learning models for user applications.

> OpenVINO was developed by Intel to work efficiently on a wide range of Intel hardware platforms,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO is actively developed by Intel® to work efficiently on a wide range of Intel® hardware platforms,
```
